Aqui hay informacion importante porque es muy importante.

Cryptography or cryptology (from Greek pt krypt, "hidden, secret"; and graphein, 
"writing", "study", respectively) is the practice and study of techniques for 
secure communication in the presence of third parties called adversaries. More generally, 
cryptography is about constructing and analyzing protocols that prevent third parties or the 
public from reading private messages; various aspects in information security such as data confidentiality,data 
integrity, authentication, and non-repudiation are central to modern cryptography. Modern cryptography exists at the 
intersection of the disciplines of mathematics, computer science, and electrical engineering. Applications of cryptography include ATM cards, 
computer passwords, and electronic commerce.

Cryptography prior to the modern age was effectively synonymous with encryption, 
the conversion of information from a readable state to apparent nonsense. 
The originator of an encrypted message (Alice) shared the decoding technique needed to recover the original information 
only with intended recipients (Bob), thereby precluding unwanted persons (Eve) from doing the same. 
The cryptography literature often uses Alice ("A") for the sender, Bob ("B") for the intended recipient, and Eve ("eavesdropper") 
for the adversary. Since the development of rotor cipher machines in World War I and the advent of 
computers in World War II, the methods used to carry out cryptology have become increasingly complex and its application more widespread.
Modern cryptography is heavily based on mathematical theory and computer science practice; 
cryptographic algorithms are designed around computational hardness assumptions, making such 
algorithms hard to break in practice by any adversary. It is theoretically possible to break 
such a system, but it is infeasible to do so by any known practical means. These schemes are 
therefore termed computationally secure; theoretical advances, e.g., improvements in integer factorizationalgorithms 
